Add the required_recipe endpoint (#2465)
chef/chef-web-docs: content/api_chef_server.md

</tbody>
</table>

### /required_recipe

The `/required_recipe` endpoint has the following method: `GET`.

#### GET

> The `GET` method is used to get a copy of a recipe specified by an administrator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `GET` method to view a specific recipe that all Chef Clients that connect to the Chef Server run, beyond the node's run list.  Returnes a single recipe file that is not part of a cookbook. `required_recipe` is an expert-level feature for delivering isolated configuration changes to target systems.
```
I'm confused by "specified by an administrator". Who/what is the administrator in this context?

Author: I think I cleared up what I meant in my last push.  Thanks for the comments.
